<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"      
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
 
    
    <h:body>
   	 	<ui:composition template="/templates/basic.xhtml">
 	<ui:param name="pageTitle" value="Welcome" />
 
			<ui:define name="content">
				<p:panel>
					<h1>Welcome...</h1>
					<p>...to our user study for the <a href="https://www.ukp.tu-darmstadt.de/teaching/?L=qobpvoujdcjhvtxt" target="_BLANK">Natural Language Processing and the Web</a> project in the winter term 2015/16 at TU Darmstadt.</p>
					<p>After clicking the "Start Quiz" Button below, you will be presented a collection of questions with four possible answers to each question,
					just like in "Who wants to be a millionaire" (but without the jokers ;-) ).</p>
					<p>Your task is to <strong>answer the questions</strong> by clicking the answer of that you think that it is correct. <strong>Please don't use
					Google</strong> or other aids to answer the questions as it is important for us
					to see wich questions are more difficult than other ones.</p>
					<p>Your results will be presented to you after answering all questions, including the correct solution for every question (only if it differs from your solution, evidently).</p>
					<h2>Privacy Information</h2>
					<p>While participating in this user study we store the collection of questions that are presented to you as well as the answer selected by you. Together with that we
					measure some performance parameters.</p>
					<p>In general: We do not store any personal information about you. Parameters that are needed for technical reasons but could possibly be used to identify you (like your
					IP address) are stored for the time you are using this website but are deleted within 30 minutes after that. Cookies are used to track your progress while answering the
					questions but are also invalidated as soon as you close your browser window.</p>
					<p>If there are any questions left, or if you are facing techincal problems, you can <a href="mailto:frankphilipp.hessel@stud.tu-darmstadt.de?subject=NLP+User+study">send us an E-Mail</a>.</p>
					<p>Thank you in advance for participating in this user study!</p>
					<p style="text-align:right;font-style:italic">Max Glockner, Frank Hessel, Tobias Kahse and Tobias Röding</p>
				</p:panel>
				<p:commandButton value="Start Quiz" action="#{evaluationBean.startEvaluation}" process="@this" update="growl" />
			</ui:define>
    	</ui:composition>
	</h:body>
</html>